1. Overview: For the initial home page, I started with the navigation bar as this would be expected
at the top of every page. I established a HTML and CSS file that would contain the code for the first page.
In the body of the code, I created routes for the navigation bar that would lead to different content when
clicked. Following, I started working on the main content, which I divided into parts, such as banner, image,
etc. I started the code for the left-side of the page as this was where the primary content was. I also
included a button that would lead to further information on click from the user. In general, this process
was the majority of this assignment as creating the UI elements, text boxes, and other elements required
multiple iterations and attempts in locating the bugs and errors in the code. Following, I created a basic
footer that I plan to add to in the future. Finally, I wrote the code for a simple animation that involves
displacing the object within a set parameter within a time frame that makes it appear to "shake." 

2. Issue: My biggest issue that I was able to resolve was with the UI elements. At first, I thought using a PNG
file to represent the elements would have been the best option. However, upon trying to format it, this simply
did not work out for the page. Thus, I moved onto my next option, which involved creating flex boxes with
rounded corners to create my own "organic" decoraters. Although the process was a bit tricky to figure out
how I could get the elements to behave in the manner I wanted, working with the live server in repetition to
locate the necessary changes needed was key to creating the elements. 

3. CSS Transition: The CSS transition I decided to use involved using keyframes which allows for an object to
be displaced by a specific parameter of dimensions. I chose this simple animation as it is not too intrusive,
and it subtely interacts with the users upon being hovered over. I made this work by following a template of
how the keyframe animation works and implemented it into my CSS file. Upon integrating the keyframes, I
applied it into the relevant areas that I wanted to "shake." 

4. Ideas and Future: I would love to figure out a way to make my UI elements and images more interactive,
whether through animation or through other means. 